32 year old woman. Her serious convulsive seizures started at the age of 14, so she has lived with her epilepsy for 18 years. She has injured herself several times over the years due to the severity of her seizures and the fact that she has no warning that they are coming. After epilepsy surgery, her seizures reduced substantially and she now only has a few a year.  Because she is fairly sensitive to changes in medication, she has stayed on a fairly complex regime of medication that suppresses the most severe seizure type. She has recently married and is planning her first pregnancy. Due to possible risk to the pregnancy she needs to change to a different set of medications and to be safely established on the new medication regime before becoming pregnant. After the baby arrives she will need to keep a careful eye on her epilepsy as she will be dealing with the stress of juggling a new baby and her work responsibilities.



21 year old male. His seizures started when he was 14. He did not have major convulsive seizures but the seizures that he did have were quite prolonged, and the load vocalisations and strange movements that he made during them were highly embarrassing. Although he did not fall down and convulse he was completely unconscious during them and unable to control them. While he had these seizures he did not mix socially due to embarrassment and stigmatization. He left school as soon as possible. He has avoided public transport because he was afraid he would have a seizure in public. He is currently on three high-dose medications for his epilepsy, and it was after the introduction of a new medication 4 years ago that his seizures were substantially reduced. Because of this he has been able to obtain employment. However, he feels the side effects of the high-dose medications are interfering with his life and slowing down his thought processes. He would like to decrease his medications down to a more manageable level. However, he is worried that his seizures may increase back to their previous level.


45 year old male. He struggled with severe debilitating seizures for about 10 years. Epilepsy surgery was highly successful and he was seizure free until he started to reduce his medication. After experiencing a major seizure his medication dose was increased again. He hates being on the medication and would very much like to try coming off it again or decreasing it down to a much lower level. He would be willing to put up with the occasional small seizure in order to get to this level.




